FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY'S SONGs LYRICS SAMPLES.
Here is a sample of some FNAF song lyrics you can use:

I come to life, you've got no place to hide, Keep an eye on the time and a light by your side",
Cant help but feel like you belong here. But I wanna leave, I just gotta leave. You know that somethings going wrong here. And shes watching me, now she's onto me Come find out whats been going on here. Has my progeny caught up to me?. You know youre nothing but a pawn here. Am I part of them? Are they part of me?
FAZBEAR FRIGHT! ITS THE HORROR ATTRACTION
If you get killed on the job, We will not cover your loss, So while youre here, try not to dieeeeeee
Take off that blindfold that heals And reveal your soul that dies I was left behind. All this torture will unwind I was never all that kind.
Hello, hello, welcome to your first night In the place where the pizza is hot and the fun brings light
Thirty years since all this happened. Thirty years it took to rise Blood on the floor and in their eyes They took the bite and left them to die
In Five Nights at Freddy's 3 Ill hunt you down and you will see
I WILL NOT BE MOVED!!!
Lets rock 'till the sun goes down. Take a kiss from the moonlight blues inbound. This heres what we call our night. Make a noise, well bite, moving up in the world tonight
So here we are, my body inside this nightmare Dont you stare for too long at my curse, It happened too fast, What happened in the past, is something, I would constantly rehearse
So I trapped myself away from immortal dismay Then the blood so profound came to send me down All the cable in my brain, making me go insane But the soul still lives!
I am, the purple guy, come to see the show tonight! Turn the spotlight onto me My bodys ready, now begin!
Now the purple rise, come to conquer all your cries
And with a little budge, little more touch, We have no grudge, not as simple as such, But your coffin is ready for you, take a slice OF DOOM
So please, oh please, don't run from us, Youre a friend to us
WE GOT A FIRE FIRE FIRE BURNING FOR YOU!
Were one big happy family! ITS A PIZZA PARTY NOW!
I believe we met before, Im supposed to tear you limb from limb, Step inside my deadly sin
I was left behind All this torture will unwind
So.... Your... Back.... Here.... Now for one... more... time........ Where... night.... mares... want you to spend... the... night....
Congratulations are deserved, Its 6AM, you win. Well see you here tomorrow night, And do it all again",
I HEAR THEM RUNNING!!! THEYRE BANGING AT MY DOO
THE NIGHTMARE HAS JUST BEGUN
Welcome, little child, to the darkest fears inside. Come join the fun, take a journey through the night. Watch the closet doors, or else, the night consumes you more. Taking every piece of innocence that never sees the light
SOOOOOO! Grab your only ammunition, your common sense and torch. The corridors are filled with fright when somethings on the porch. How long will you last through these memories of the past? Since without a light to shine, the only soul thats left is yours
Relive the dark times, leaving your mind in decline, With every part thats missing, you will surely be mine, What can we use? There is nothing to lose, But when the timer starts ticking you wont survive, Bring me to life
Listen to the voices Telling all your choices Im telling you that running ain't a choice for a cold, dead parasite